At Mandee DevOps engineers are responsible for designing, building and managing the Muster online website infrastructure. As the DevOps Engineer, you will be solving a breadth of problems that require deeply technical knowledge and creating solutions for the food & agri products market place Coding, Scripting, Process re-engineering, Communicating and collaborating with team
The Key Activities Include
Worked on Amazon Web Services ( EC2, ELB, VPC, S3, CloudFront, IAM, RDS, Route 53, Cloud Watch, SNS,).
Expertise in DevOps,Configuration Management, Cloud Infrastructure, Automation.
It includes Amazon Web Services (AWS), Jenkins, Chef, SVN, GitHub, Tomcat, LINUX etc.
Extensive experience with Continuous Integration Jenkins Tool
Experience in using GIT and Windows environment.
Extensively worked with automation tools like Jenkins, Ansible, and Nagios to implement the End-to-End Automation.
Expertise in scripting for automation, and monitoring using Shellscripts
Experienced with AWS Cloud platform and its features, which includes EC2, VPC, EBS, AMI, SNS, RDS, Cloud
Having Good experience on Sataic code anylsis took like SonarQube server
Strong Experience automated build platforms/continuous integration using DevOps architecture.
Strong Experience in Production support engineer providing 24/7 technical support for middle-ware
application servers.
Experience in Linux Administration (Installation, Configuration and Upgrades of Linux Red Hat and Oracle).
Deploy Jenkins to completely provision and manage AWS EC2 instances, volumes, DNS, and S3.
Experience specialized in System Administration working on Red Hat Linux, Windows environments
Installed and Setup Git/SVN Repository (Version Control System) at client side.
Managed Linux and Windows virtual servers on AWS EC2 using Chef Server.
Configured and monitored distributed and multi-platform servers using chef.
Excellent at defining Chef Server and workstation to manage and configure nodes.
Creating a change requests, work orders and problem tickets using BMC Remedy tool and getting approvals from higher officials.
Experienced in Trouble shooting, Backup and Recovery.
Having knowledge on Python scripting Language
Qualification & Experience
Technical Skills:- C2,VPC, AutoScaling, ELB classic, S3, RDS, Route 53, Cloud Watch, IAM Shell Scripting,, Jenkins, Python
Tools and Server :- GIT Hub, SVN, Tomcat, Linux, AWS or Micro soft
Data Base:- Mongo, SQL, NoSQL, HANA DB.
B.E/B.Tech/MCA
Experience in food & agri sector a strong plus
Experience in e-commerce warehousing & logistics a strong plus
Excellent communication skills (ref:hirist.com


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpF2f7dX9E0


https://www.primevideo.com/detail/0NLOLYI08UYNGNOQ4HOYQDF2A3/ref=sr_hom_c_unkc_1_1?sr=1-1&qid=1507300979